README.md, before:

# notify-reviewer
This is bot for notify reviewers for code review in channel of Employment Hero

# How to setup
Create .env file on this project to define 

```
GITHUB_TOKEN=Your personal git hub token with permission to view Pull Request, View User info
BOT_TOKEN=Token of Slack Bot
CHANNEL_ID=The ID of channel you want to send message
USER_ID=The ID of user on Slack request for review
```

# Setup alias on zshrc

Run command 
```
vi ~/.zshrc
```

Add alias at the end of file

```
alias notifyreviewer="python {path to file notify_review.py}"
```

After that run command

```
source ~/.zshrc
```
Now, you can execute the notifyreviewer command in your terminal to run the Python script.

# How to get USER_ID on Slack
Click on your profile, select Profile

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06da88a3-ff68-453d-8eb2-c0bca7bfca66)

Click to three dots on profile

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a639287b-0a76-4617-bcb1-63509879be11)

Select Copy Member ID

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b554446-262c-4846-9c18-5874cd7d4360)

# How to get CHANNEL_ID

Go to the Channel you want to send message. Click to the name of channel on the top

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfc4cf2e-b799-4468-b28e-81ad5f7a9a0e)

Commit message:

Add GitHub token creation instructions to README
Enhanced the documentation by including a section on how to create a GitHub token, guiding users to the official resource. This addition helps streamline the setup process for those using the notifyreviewer command, ensuring better accessibility and reducing potential user confusion regarding authentication.

README.md, after:

# notify-reviewer
This is bot for notify reviewers for code review in channel of Employment Hero

# How to setup
Create .env file on this project to define 

```
GITHUB_TOKEN=Your personal git hub token with permission to view Pull Request, View User info
BOT_TOKEN=Token of Slack Bot
CHANNEL_ID=The ID of channel you want to send message
USER_ID=The ID of user on Slack request for review
```

# Setup alias on zshrc

Run command 
```
vi ~/.zshrc
```

Add alias at the end of file

```
alias notifyreviewer="python {path to file notify_review.py}"
```

After that run command

```
source ~/.zshrc
```
Now, you can execute the notifyreviewer command in your terminal to run the Python script.

# How to create github token

Please follow the link:

https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens

# How to get USER_ID on Slack
Click on your profile, select Profile

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06da88a3-ff68-453d-8eb2-c0bca7bfca66)

Click to three dots on profile

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a639287b-0a76-4617-bcb1-63509879be11)

Select Copy Member ID

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b554446-262c-4846-9c18-5874cd7d4360)

# How to get CHANNEL_ID

Go to the Channel you want to send message. Click to the name of channel on the top

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bfc4cf2e-b799-4468-b28e-81ad5f7a9a0e)
